| | LinkedIn-profile | Israel, Rishon Lezion Frontend developer with extensive experience designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining software used in sales, rental apartments, e-commerce, and human resources. Good knowledge and understanding of current frontend development technologies. Successful experience using different JS frameworks. Experience in server-side development, database management systems administration. I love my profession because it's not just a job, it's my hobby. It makes me passionate, driven and an effective team player. EXPERIENCE 2020 Present Frontend developer at Noviopus, Rishon Lezion, Israel I manage and responsible for the development of two front-end applications of an intelligent recruitment system. Extended functionality of the existing application, refactored existing code base and prepared the application release. Develope the application from scratch based on React, designed the architecture of the application, implemented the core modules of the application. Stack: React, Redux, Material-UI, Cypress. 2018 - Designed, developed, and deployed frontend applications from scratch and implemented new features of existing projects. Used stack: React, Redux, Vue.js, Backbone.js, Marionette.js, jQuery, Sass. Developed the API endpoints for the distributed sales management system. Used stack: Django Framework, PostgreSQL, Docker, Vagrant. Optimized system performance by monitoring and rewriting SQL queries (PostgreSQL). Collaborated with technical support and assistance team in resolving customer technical issues. 2017 - 2018 Full Stack developer at kvartirka.com, Chelyabinsk, Russia Migrated an Backbone.js codebase into React. Developed the API endpoints (Django framework) ode coverage with unit tests (pytest) 2015 - Build custom e-commerce shops, commercial and corporate websites based on existing solutions and development from scratch. (Django, HTML, CSS, Bitbucket). Design, implementation and operating of database (MySQL) EDUCATION 1999 - 2004 South Ural State University (SUSU), Chelyabinsk, Russia Engineer's Degree - Urban Construction and Management. 2016 - GeekBrains - MAIL.RU group - course HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Python, Django. Languages: English, Hebrew, Russian.