Mob | Telegram | EDUCATION 2012 , November TINKOFF BANK (tinkoff.ru), Russia 2022, February Senior Software Developer (Python) Was supporting legacy code and implementing new features. Stack: Python, Fastapi, Postgres, Kafka 2020, June MTS GROUP (mts.ru), Russia 2021, August Python Developer Created an api for ML model. Stack: Python, Flask, Postgres, Numpy, Pandas, Docker Developed (in a team of 5) an infrastructure service with microservice architecture. Was involved in creation of DAGs for Airflow, tasks for Celery. Was working with DB Postgres and Aerospike, developing producers and consumers for Kafka and manifests for Kubernetes. 2019, August FIRST LINE SOFTWARE (firstlinesoftware.com), Russia 2020, June Python Developer Integrated a back-end of Django-based online shop with Stripe API Developed an algorithm for making a graph acyclic by deleting a minimal number of edges Increased by 10 times the speed of classification in ML model by optimizing business logic in Python code base Proposed additional validation of ML models and improved F-score from 80 to 92%. 2017, December KINODANZA (kinodanz.ru), Russia 2019, August Python Developer Created an application for distributed processing of 3-D models in local network (simplified analogue of ftrack). This involved designing network and database architecture, developing a GUI and client-server interaction. Stack: Python 2.7, PySide, MongoDB, XML, CSS(QSS), QWebSocket Enhanced the security of companys internal data by creating a Python module for Windows (using Windows AD, win32api) 2017, July AISA (aisa.ru), Russia December Web-Developer Improved companys product by finding and fixing logical bugs. Worked with: Java, Spring, JS, EXT.js, Node js, SOAP, SVN Made project build on Ant 2016, July MAPPING, Russia September SWE Intern Created a web page for the company site using HTML, CSS and Typescript Was involved in back-end development. Learned basics of Java Spring, Hibernate, HQL 2013, September DANONE, Russia 2014, May Assistant in Department of Demand Planning Was preparing datasets for demand forecasting Worked with visualization tools (mostly Deductor) to present forecasting results to the management ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Languages Native Russian, Upper-Intermediate English Sports&Culture Basketball, chess Nationality Russian, new repatriant in Israel