Full-time, on-site, remote or hybrid. DOB: 1984. Aliyah: . Residence: Kiryat Ono, Montefiore, 13. My name is Maria, Im a new repatriate from Russia, made an Aliyah in April. I work as a senior system analyst, a senior business analyst, a team leader and a project manager. Understanding the importance of language in my profession, Im actively studying Hebrew. Now I hope to find a position of junior/middle system and business analyst or QA tester that will give me the opportunity to apply my skills and develop as I learn Hebrew. I really love my job so Im ready to work hard and learn fast to develop rapidly in analytics and leadership in new conditions. I started my career as SQL and PL/SQL developer. Then I changed my profile to a system and business analyst, combining these roles and role of QA tester throughout my career. Thanks to communication skills, high level of emotional intelligence and the ability to see the big picture, took the team leader position. Later, became the leader of several teams, combining leadership with the role of an analyst. Have also been the project manager of several projects. Now I have extensive experience in system analytics, business analytics, QA and management. Many years of experience working for the largest banks in Russia. Research, definition, optimization and automation of business processes, development of management and analytical reporting, all types of manual testing, team management and project management. Work experience with Jira, Confluence, Visio, TFS, PowerPoint, Visual Studio Code, MS Project, Oracle SQL Navigator, MS SQL Management studio etc. Using waterfall, scram, kanban. Some of my projects: Electronic document management for cash deposit and withdrawal (Alfa-Bank). 90% of transactions go through EDM. Complete automation of deal making processes for collection and self-collection (Alfa-Bank). Integration of electronic document storage system with the main bank's systems. Standardization of the integration process for quick connection of systems (Alfa-Bank). Field Staff Management System of the Technical Support Department of Sberbank (AT Consulting). System for monitoring and analyzing the activities of internal structural divisions of Sberbank (AT Consulting). Joint Stock Company ALFA-BANK September 2019 Senior Team Manager currently working Process management of four teams: work planning, communication, risk management, team building, human research, requirement review, assessment review, mentoring. December 2017 Senior System Analyst, Project Lead September Automation of the process of concluding a cash collection deal. DBMS MsSql. 2019 All kinds of requirements and documentation, analyst team leader, management of all processes development, testing and communications. AT Consulting August 2012 Senior System Analyst December 2017 Field Staff Management System of the Technical Support Department of Sberbank. System for monitoring and analyzing the activities of internal structural divisions of Sberbank DBMS Oracle. All kinds of requirements and documentation, Analyst team leader, Management of all processes of analytics, testing and communication with the customer. E-school April 2011 Senior System Analyst, Project Lead August 2012 Software for education system. DBMS MsSql. Business analysis, System analysis, Project management, Database architecture development, Technical documentation, User documentation, testing. PROMOS February 2009 PL/SQL, SQL Developer August 2012 Building sector. DBMS Oracle. Form builder, Report builder, Database architecture development, Interviewing customers, instruction manuals for systems. Beeline Russia October 2008 SQL Developer January 2009 Telecommunications. Big data reports developer. INPRIS September 2005 PL/SQL Developer, SQL Developer September 2008 Software for publishing houses. DBMS Oracle. Form builder, Report builder, Database architecture development, Interviewing customers, instruction manuals for systems. Languages: English Professional working proficiency Russian Native Hebrew Elementary proficiency Education: 2001 2003 Moscow State University, Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics.