Location: Montpellier (34)
Company: Teads
What will you do?
As a Senior Data Analyst in the Product department, your goal is to help infuse a data-driven culture at Teads.

To develop BI within your product area, you will proactively:

Drive the adoption of standard key product metrics, leveraging Teads BI stack (datamarts, data catalog, dashboards, etc.), by making them available in self-service to everyone in the company, with a standardized and accepted definition.
Assess the success of each product release, by defining and monitoring relevant metrics (success, adoption, etc.), and reporting them regularly to key stakeholders.
Help shape the product roadmap, by working closely with Product Managers, and by owning yourself a part of the roadmap, in order to assess business opportunities and challenges.
Drive ad-hoc studies and self-serve data exploration, by building self-serve BI tools, and providing documented business models developed in close collaboration with Software Engineers.
Spread BI knowledge and best practices, by animating BI rituals (workshops, trainings, demos, etc.) and keeping a good relationship with data enthusiasts of your product area (business analysts, product managers, leadership, etc.)
You will also be part of a community to develop BI transversely. As a member of this community, you will:

Govern a BI roadmap, around a unified vision and common objectives.
Work on global BI initiatives, such as standardizing the UI/UX of dashboards, BI learning & knowledge, or consolidating a centralized Data Catalog.
Define and share BI best practices, to enforce consistency across the board.
Own the complete BI cycle, by developing your technical skills and your knowledge of the ad-tech industry.
Help onboarding Data Analysts, with adequate documentation and training.
What will you bring to the team?
Your skills and experience:

At least 2 years of experience as a Data Analyst.
Bachelor or Master degree in BI, engineering, or mathematics.
Advanced knowledge of SQL and BI tools (warehouse, datamarts, dataviz, etc.).
Ability to efficiently communicate and collaborate with cross-functional teams.
Data-driven mindset and proactive approach.
Passionate, innovative, and fast learner.
Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
Fluent in English.
Bonus points:

Experience with BI platforms (Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, SiSense, Qlik, Domo, etc.).
Experience with modern data warehousing solutions (BigQuery, SnowFlake, Redshift, etc.).
Experience in the digital advertising industry.
Experience in coding.
Proficient in French.
