Location: 75009 Paris
Company: Kayrros
We are currently recruiting for our Paris office, an Intern Junior Data Scientist H/F and Junior Data Scientist R&D H/F

This offer groups multiple offers for the Remote Sensing, Risk, Products for Traders, and Solutions Teams, for the jobs of Junior Data Scientist and Junior Data Scientist R&D. These teams aim at leveraging various data sources to help governments, financial stakeholders and decision makers take the correct actions to tackle the energy transition, measure physical and environmental risks and reduce GHG emissions.
During our recruitment process, you will be directed to the team that fits you the most in terms of skills and area of interest by discussing with the team members.

Role:
Data scientists play a key role at Kayrros, working both on R&D and discovery topics. Most of their work consists in developing models using various methods based on recent scientific papers including computer vision, machine and deep learning, and signal processing. They collaborate with data engineers to build robust pipelines and work hand in hand with data analysts to analyze and visualize the results of their models. Data Scientists are also expected to apply their models to various use cases, supporting the development of innovative environmental and energy-related products and solutions.

They face two main challenges:
The diversity and complexity of data available. Kayrros has a strong expertise in remote sensing and has been working with data from many different sensors (multispectral, hyperspectral, SAR, LIDAR, geostationary). Understanding the specificities of each technology and choosing the most appropriate for a given problem is therefore a crucial step.

The complexity of the problems to solve: you will have to understand the context of the market to design the most-suited models and data feeds, as Kayrros navigates a space where the utmost rigour is required to bring value to its users.
As a data scientist, you will therefore have to:
Formulate problems considering available data and project constraints.
Explore and review existing approaches or relevant associated scientific literature and data sources.
Design, implement and test algorithms.
Continuously provide ideas to improve products and take part in all team discussions.
Use your analysis skills to understand the product and markets you’ll be working on.
Help to apply your models to “real-life” use cases. This will require a good understanding of the data and the value it has for our customers.
Grow a culture around remote sensing data.

Profile :
This is an ideal opportunity if you are looking for a six-month internship starting between March and July 2026, and you want to join an impactful company.
You have a strong background and are passionate about topics spanning the fields of image processing, machine learning, statistics, Earth observation, and operations research. You are very interested in various topics including remote sensing, deep learning, time series analysis, computer vision, and signal processing.
You have strong programming skills in Python, SQL, Machine Learning libraries, data visualisation packages and data manipulation. Previous exposures to Git preferred.
You can design and deliver working prototypes in a fast-paced environment and then put them into production with the help of data engineers.
You can communicate clearly in English, including with non-technical people
You are willing to be an active member of the team and have a real impact on the company's success.