Skills: Air Force; art; Agency; Basic; budget; oral; hardware; Computer Operations; configuration management; cost analysis; data management; Dec; direction; documentation; edge; feasibility studies; forms; functional; Government; Information Systems; information technology; computer support; meetings; Office; enterprise; Network; personnel; policies; problem resolution; procurement; project management; publications; publication; software development; strategic; systems administration; systems analysis; systems development; systems integration; training manuals; trend; written
Experience: Branch Chief Information Technology Specialist at Company Name; Information Technology Specialist (INFOSEC/NETOPS) at Company Name; Senior Technical Analyst at Company Name; IT Specialist at Company Name
Education: M.S : Public Administration, Government Law at Sul Ross University; B.S : Psychology, Education at Morgan State University
Certifications: Security + Certified, CE 20- Aug-2011; Cyber 200 Advance Continuing Education Course 26- Sep-2010; Basic Computer Operations Planner's Course 24- Sep-2009; DISA Action Officers Course 10-Dec-2009; DOD Information Assurance Boot Camp 06-Nov-2009
Summary: Motivated Information Technology and Cyber security professional with outstanding managerial and customer service skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, seeks challenging position with an organization where I can make a big impact with my multifaceted experience, training and education. Excellent record of problem solving and achieving results in high-operations-tempo environments. Successful team leader and highly-motivated mentor with proven dedication to self and subordinate improvement. Superior knowledge of INFOSEC/NETOPS techniques to determine requirements for information technology equipment and systems. Excellent knowledge and ability to negotiate in financial control, budget systems, and security management. Working knowledge of budget and cost analysis processes. Thorough knowledge of Office of Management and Budget (OMB), Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. Air Force regulations, principles and practices pertaining to logistics, INFOSEC/NETOPS, installations, and mission support functions. Exceptional ability to recognize and analyze problems, conduct research; summarize results, and make appropriate recommendations. Recognized expert in DoD planning, programming, budgeting and execution (PPBE) process. Expertise in capability planning in IT environment, enterprise technical/Certification and Accreditation standards, CCRI processes, procedures, security practices, and IA vulnerability tools i.e. ACAS. Ability to apply knowledge of current security tools, and techniques to execute Authority to Connect and Authority to Operate network systems. Thorough knowledge of SCADA systems operations, security, safeguards and protection