Skills: accounting; accounts payable; Banking; business development; cash management; Commercial Lending; communication skills; credit; credit analysis; CRM; client expense reports; finance; HR; insurance; Leadership; market management; new business development; Real Estate; Retail; sales; sales and management; Tax return preparation; Word; Excel; PowerPoint
Experience: Senior Lending Officer - VP Executive Officer at Company Name; Commercial Lender - Regional Medical Liaison at Company Name; Commercial TEAM Leader at Company Name; Commercial Lending Officer - AVP at Company Name; Business Development/Commercial Lending Officer at Company Name; Advanced Staff Auditor at Company Name; Staff Accounts Payable Clerk at Company Name
Education: Advanced Lending Certificate at University of Buffalo; BBA: Accounting at Niagara University; High School Diploma: General Studies at St. Joseph's Collegiate Institute
Certifications: Advanced Lending Certificate (Commercial Lending) - University of Buffalo, 1996; Commercial Lending Academic Achievement Award
Summary: As the Senior Lending Officer at a regional Community Bank in Upstate NY, my role and responsibilities were for that of the outbound sales growth of the Lending function of the bank. Over the past five years I have effectively grown each segment of the bank including Residential Mortgages, Consumer and Commercial lending. Each sub segment of the banks business has been given a new department manager to help execute the action steps for growth and planned operating efficiencies as a result of my planned new initiatives as suggested by being a part of the banks Executive Committee. Senior Commercial Lender with 25 years as a leader in the financial industry. Service-oriented with expertise in building a solid customer base. Highlights Small Business Development Leader. Product Line Expansion on both Residential Mortgage and Consumer Loan Platforms. Credit and Debt Management experience. Created a CRM platform with the banks BakerHill Commercial Software. Implemented new software systems with MortgageBot and DecisionPro. Effectively grew Commercial Loan balances 5-10% each of the past five years. Established a robust outbound calling plan for the banks sales force. Designed and implemented an Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) for the sales force. Active member of local financing agency's Board of Directors (GSBDC and NYBDC)