Skills: Management consultation; Negotiation; Outlook; E-Recruitment; HR policies/procedures; Provision of excellent customer service; Microsoft Word; Microsoft Excel; Microsoft PowerPoint; Problem-solving; Change agent; Budget negotiation; Customer service delivery; State/federal and soft-skills management/employee training; Job analyses; Compensation / job market analysis; Leadership training; Performance management; Personnel policies and procedures; Full-cycle recruitment
Experience: HR Specialist at Company Name, City, State; HR Analyst at Company Name, City, State; Manager, Classification/Compensation at Company Name, City, State; Manager, Recruitment/Classification/Compensation at Company Name, City, State; Senior HR Analyst at Company Name, City, State; Senior HR Analyst at Company Name, City, State; Training And Development Specialist at Company Name, City, State
Education: Bachelor of Arts: English Lit/Language at NC State University
Summary: HR SPECIALIST Summary Possess 15+ years of experience as an HR Classification/Compensation Lead and as an HR Specialist, Recruitment. Managed recruitment efforts that included qualifying candidates based on documented knowledge, skills, and abilities to match organizational resource needs. Ensured candidate fulfillment of the preemployment process; i.e., background checks, drug screens, and reference checks. Developed and implemented competency and skill-based pay programs for a variety of occupations including medical (nurses), mechanical (machine operators), and civil engineers. Led a statewide review of jobs (18,000 employees) toward determining appropriate FLSA designations (e.g., executive, administrative, computer-related, creative). Provided executive and middle management consultation toward acquiring class/levels and roles necessary to accomplish departmental goals and objectives that resulted in mission successes. Training and Development: Eight years of experience in training and development that included development and delivery of leadership and management/supervisory skills acquisition. Additionally, developed policy and procedural training including performance management, interaction management, ADA, and prevention of workplace violence and sexual harassment. Skills Management consultation Negotiation Outlook E-Recruitment HR policies/procedures Provision of excellent customer service Micro-soft applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint Skills Problem-solve and serve as change agent to ensure that HR functions are included in organizational missions. Negotiate budget revisions to include HR initiatives. Ensure excellent customer service delivery, provide state/federal and soft-skills management/employee training. Conduct job analyses, as well as conduct compensation/job market analysis, and deliver and measure leadership training. Develop, implement, and monitor performance management. Develop, implement, and monitor personnel policies and procedures, and manage full-cycle recruitment.