Skills: Enthusiastic people person; Strong public speaking skills; Motivational and inspirational; Goal-setting, goal-achieving; Great organizational skills; Creative training techniques; Group instruction; Learning strategies; Writing; Team building; Problem solving; Group and one-on-one coaching; Curriculum development; Encouraging group participation; Implementing team incentives; Self-driven; Creating performance motivation; High level of professionalism
Experience: Consultant at Pampered Chef; Chief Concierge, Team Leader at Company Name; Founder/Public Relations/Lead Instructor at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Arts: Athletic Training/Sports Medicine at San Diego State University; General Education at Grossmont College; Fire Science/Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) at Miramar Community College
Summary: Adept at organizing and facilitating management and team building training programs as well as staff and customer appreciation activities that have created exceptional team camaraderie, customer loyalty, and company growth! An award-winning and recognized salesperson and Corporate trainer. Organized, fun, and driven! Effective at using efficient techniques in both sales and training while focusing on the needs of the team members, the corporation, and the customer. Â Dependable, resourceful, approachable, liked, and hands-on! Highlights 21 years of sales, corporate training, and team building with Pampered Chef , a Berkshire-Hathaway Company. Proficient in organizing group events and staff training activities with clear objectives and outcome goals. Experienced in creating and presenting training workshops to groups from 1 to 3,000 in product knowledge, sales techniques, customer service, smart business practices, and team building. Featured consultant on Pampered Chef's 2014 nationwide Training DVD. Enthusiastic, approachable, and easy-to-learn from. Consistent Excellence Awards achiever (Top 1.5%) in sales, team production, and recruiting. Featured on several corporate-sponsored (and produce) literature pieces as a sales and training expert in the industry. Utilize Creative Training Techniques and business games to create a fun, learning-centered environment. My live cooking shows and workshop presentations were selected and made available on our corporate website's Online Training Center. Committee's served: Consultant Awards & Incentives Committee, Product Development Committee, and Recipe Advisory Committee