Skills: administrative; administrative support; benefits; C; cash handling; closing; coaching; com; Interpersonal Skills; Council; customer service; Customer Service Skills; data entry; Decision Making; Employee Relations; hiring; HRIS; Human Resources; HR; Interpretation; Labor Relations; leadership; merchandising; negotiations; organizational; payroll; performance reviews; personnel; policies; Problem Resolution; reconciling; recruiting; reporting; sales; sound; employee development
Experience: HR Representative at Company Name; Clerk Typist at Company Name; Sr. Merchandise Assistant, Replenishment Leader, Office Associate at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Science in Apparel and Merchandising at Colorado State University
Certifications: Human Resources Certificate (Mountain States Employers Council)
Summary: A motivated business partner who communicates and collaborates effectively with all levels of personnel by relying on outstanding interpersonal and customer service skills, excellent sense of urgency and time management skills and taking pride in delivering high quality work. Highlights provide a high level of service to both internal and external clients and candidates possess excellent communication skills an organizational guru communication skills, have the ability to shift gears at a moment's notice and enjoy the challenges of helping to build a great organization of talented individuals. Ability to multi-task and work in a extremely fast paced environment. Superb Customer/Client service focus with a demonstrated desire to exceed expectations. Ability to handle confidential information and escalate issues when appropriate. Ability to interface with all levels of the organization, with external candidates and build relationships. Proved ability to serve as a team player with the agility to jump in whenever needed. Flexible, able to change direction quickly. Excellent oral and written communication skills, an ability to multitask, strong attention to detail and be able to work autonomously. A track record of demonstrating strong work ethic, integrity and personal accountability. Organized with strong time management and problem solving skills, intense attention to detail and accuracy, ability to prioritize.