Skills: Accounting; General accounting; Accounts payable; Accounts receivable; Auditing; Budgets; Budgeting; Contracts; Controller; CPA; Financial; Government; Grants; Home office; Director; Managing; Materials; Office; Negotiation; Negotiator; OSI; Payroll; Personnel; Prime; Proposals; Proposal preparation; Purchasing; Reporting; Sales; Supervisor; Supervision
Experience: Finance Manager at Company Name – City , State; Owner at Company Name – City , State; Director at Company Name – City , State; Senior and Special Projects Auditor at Company Name – City , State; Controller at Company Name – City , State; Controller at Company Name – City , State
Education: Bachelor of Science: Accounting at University of Albuquerque
Certifications: CPA
Summary: Assist an organization that can benefit from my extensive experience in Accounting, training auditing, contract bid preparation and negotiations. Over forty years experience in accounting including Controllerships, Accounts Payable, Payroll, Government Contracting, Auditing, Cost Accounting, Budgeting, and Subgrant Contracting. Organizations I have worked for include Manufacturing and Service Companies such as Sandia National Laboratory, State of Nevada WIC Program and Office of Navajo Economics (ONEO). Performed many special projects, including preparation of budgets, preparation of Cost Accounting Systems including Cost Accounting System Disclosing Statements, CAS cost impact statements. Assigned liaison with DCAA, DCMA and CDCMA, costing system reviews, evaluation of cost proposals, and defective pricing reviews. Accomplishments Hexcel Corporation representative to Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Cost Principles Committee. Worked with the AIA Committee in recommending a rewrite of 48CFR15 to refine the definition and determination of commercial pricing provisions. The committee recommendations are now part of the current regulations. Developed computer models, using Excel, to provide plant bidding models and corporate home office allocations to plants. Train Government Contracting Plant Controllers in contract accounting and bid processing. American Legion Fernley Post 37 Adjutant for 3 years.