Skills: Complex data transformations; Data operations abilities; Ability to validate data; Exceptional interpersonal communication; Project development; Goal attainment; Organized; Operations management; Project management; Conflict resolution; Efficient multi-tasker; Deadline-oriented; Relationship building; Coaching and mentoring; Customer service; Verbal and written communication
Experience: Business Consultant at None; Field Account Executive at None; Commercial Account Executive at None; Business Operations Analyst at None; Operations Manager Information Security at Digital Equipment Corporation
Education: Google IT Support Certificate at Coursera; AS in Computer Information Systems at Mount Wachusett Community College; BS in Business Management at Lesley University; AS in Business Administration at Mount Wachusett Community College
Certifications: MCSE; Cisco Business Value Analyst; VMware Solutions Professional; Apple Training (Currently enrolled)
Summary: IT Business/Sales/Operations position where my experience and technical knowledge can contribute and positively impact strategic improvements. Drive and support change for process improvement, implement technology solutions in fast paced evolving environments. I enjoy interacting with people to solve problems creatively and appreciate working in a diverse environment. Technologie / OPERATIONS 10+ years working in technical and operations environments supporting engineering, human resources, operations and finance teams. Procure hardware and software, provide quotes, detailed reporting utilizing an Access and CRM/Salesforce databases. Manage projects, timelines and teams to improve quality of methods and presentations to key stakeholders. IT Helpdesk response team - build client and server systems to business specifications, install OS, applications based on department needs, utilize Active Directory to provide updated information to management, deploy hardware, software, troubleshoot and resolve issues on notebooks, desktop and servers. Supporting Microsoft, MAC OS, Android and iPhones. MCSE and Currently enrolled in Apple Training. Track and analyze technical training, developed curriculum, procured software and implemented courses for engineers and management. Prioritized organizational needs, attention to detail within project timelines to exceed business requirements for technical training certifications. Microsoft Office Expert Support strategic initiatives by maintaining servers and systems, on site DR implementation. Utilizing MS Active Directory and iOS MDM to monitor systems and applications, support, troubleshoot and provide appropriate application access to cross functional teams while maintaining system uptime. Management Led the internal IT Team and team of IT consultants to successfully rollout 22 branch Microsoft Exchange migration. Prepared the environment, managed the train the trainer for the business teams and successfully completed the migration within the 6-month timeframe, exceeding the requirements in preparation for the company acquisition. Offered a new position within the new company. Lead and built strong relationships with the business units, program managers, engineering and management to identify technology needs, brain storm solutions, document and implement new processes which defined and exceeded management operational goals and KPIs. Direct Sales teams to position products and services which would drive margin improvements. Provide weekly cost/benefit analysis reports which lead to 94% increase in complete responses for RFQ's/RFP's and SOWs. Sales 6+ years Field Sales providing Mobility, Data Center, Networking, Cloud, Security, and Professional services and solutions to Enterprise customers. Understand the customer needs, goals and KPI's and their IT environment to be able to provide the appropriate technology solution, or alternative solution to solve problems. Partner with subject matter experts to deliver web-based solutions to C- level executives, IT teams and procurement. Build and establish solid relationships with customers to understand their current technical environment, growth initiatives and end goals to better provide services and solutions which solve immediate challenges and a path to meeting their end goals. Provide technical presentations, manage product life cycles, partner with OEMs and distribution channels to exceed customer satisfaction from order to fulfillment. Consistently build pipeline to meet and exceed 3X goals, forecast monthly/quarterly revenues and margin. Customer focused, oversee the technical team in execution of services and results, meeting and exceeding customers KPI's and business goals. Power user with Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Salesforce. Utilizing research engines and web tools understand the competition, search for new accounts with projects that align with our solutions and services to call. Document all activities within CRM/Salesforce. Communication Interpersonal and cross-functional communication skills, effective presentations, ability to multi-task and prioritize, time management. Creative, confident, always learning and flexible in understanding needs and working with diverse teams. Ability to share technical information with non- technical teams where they can relate and understand in a non-condescending, positive and learning environment.