Skills: Accounting; accounting software; approach; automotive; council; counseling; creativity; customer service; customer support; event planning; focus; leadership; Team Builder; leadership development; leadership training; managing; Microsoft products; next; Organizer; peak; profit; Public Speaker; quality; renovation; Reuters; sales experience; selling; Sales; seminars; strategy; strategic; Tax and Accounting; tax; Technical Sales; vision
Experience: Business Development Associate at Thomson Reuters; Sales and Leasing Consultant at Company Name
Education: Master of Divinity at Asbury Theological Seminary; Master of Arts: Counseling at Asbury Theological Seminary; Bachelor of Arts: Psychology at Asbury College
Certifications: Limited License Professional Counselor - License Number 6401006038
Summary: I appreciate your time! I am a high performing and advanced sales professional of 10 years that can benefit your company. I know I would be a great asset to your company and here are a few of my thoughts why: I have 10 years of experience in sales and customer service, both in the auto and the software industry. In both avenues, I thrive to take on the consultant role to do what is best to serve the client and advance the company that I work for in a solution based approach. I know that value of organization, tracking my progress, and making goals to grow by, and identifying with the customer's needs and challenges. In my current role at Thomson Reuters as an inside technical sales representative, I have sold almost $3 million in sales over the last 6 years, and I have helped hundreds of accounting firms improve their technical process through knowledge of complex systems and software that is applied to the accounting & tax industry. I believe in strong customer relationships and exceptional customer service. I have in depth experience working in the understanding of technology, SaaS products, technical presentations, and implementation of advanced business solutions. I have proven to be a high achiever in this fast-paced technical sales role. I have also served in other capacities in my role from product support, team leadership, and achieved to be a Presidents Club Member in the 2013 calendar year as one of the top 10% in sales for Thomson Reuters. Also, I have 10 years' experience as a pastor, teacher, and counselor, which has flowed into my sales role to do business with integrity, knowing how to relate to a plethora of people, and seeking to do what is best for client success. I also have 4 years of sales experience working for Toyota Motor Company and thrived in the knowledge of product and quality customer service under the Kaizen Philosophy of doing business. Personally, I am a father of seven children who believes in life balance. I am an athlete of 30 years, who has run half- marathons, excelled on a college cross country team, and has practiced the discipline of nutrition and exercises most of my adult life.