Skills: business operations; clerical; communication; Interpersonal Skills; CPR Certified; customer service; databases; Documentation; First Aid; government; leadership; Access; Excel; mail; Microsoft Office; Outlook; PowerPoint; Word; monitors; organizational; process improvement; Processes; protocols; quality; quality improvement; reporting; Six Sigma; Spreadsheet; Word Processing; Written
Experience: Medical Record Technician at Company Name – City , State; HEALTHCARE UNIT COORDINATOR at Company Name – City , State; Volunteer Floor Host at Company Name – City , State; Healthcare Unit Coordinator at Company Name – City , State
Education: Master of Healthcare Administration at University of Phoenix; Bachelor of Science in Business Administration at Dallas Baptist University
Certifications: CPR Certified; First Aid Certified; Six Sigma Black Belt; Six Sigma Green Belt
Summary: A Healthcare Administration Professional combining higher education (B.A, M.H.A.) with a history of building strong alliances and partnerships with business professionals, patients, medical personnel (physicians, nurses, allied health), families, and community members to steer operational projects, meet long/short term healthcare/business objectives, architect process improvements, ensure regulatory/HIPAA compliance and position the healthcare operation as the provider of choice/ Electronic Medical Record and Health Information Management. Member: American College of Healthcare Executives Builds Instant Rapport and Relationships with Patients/Healthcare Professionals Negotiates Mutually Beneficial Solutions Diplomatic Communicator Exceeds Healthcare/Business Objectives Sources Cost-Effective Solutions Process Improvement Compliant with HIPAA/Organizational Guidelines Ambitious and Dedicated Project and Program Management. Exceptional and Creative Problem Solving Skills Built loyal business relationships with patients, colleagues, physicians, families, and allied healthcare professionals across a premier fast-paced medical/healthcare facility while administering and maintaining healthcare records, organizing patient schedules, steering projects/programs, architecting improvements to business/healthcare operations, mitigating costs, maximizing compliance levels, and partnering with physicians and colleagues to share best practices and meet organizational objectives. Data analysis of multiple projects within a system. Ability to work under pressure and balance many competing priorities. Maintain quality control and provided leadership oversight of patient safety. Strong knowledge of Electronic Medical Records (EMR) system. Develop project plans and identify key issues, identifies data needs and requirements proactively along with implementing project solutions that meet productivity, quality and client-satisfaction goals. Maintained Confidentiality, Sensitivity, Accuracy, and Compliance with Organizational and HIPAA Regulations while managing patient, organizational, and healthcare information and entering, updating, and validating records. Improved the Overall Patient Experience while providing superior patient care and serving as a primary point of contact to positively impact patients, families, community referrals, and visitors. Communicated with Patients and Families, Physicians, and Colleagues in a diplomatic, caring, and empathetic manner to provide emotional support, answer questions, resolve issues concerning the administrative coordination of their care, and ensure high levels of patient satisfaction. Identified Roadblocks to Architect Innovative Performance Improvements charged with resolving issues, increasing efficiency/effectiveness, enhancing business operations, meeting long/short term objectives, optimizing the quality of patient care, boosting fiscal revenues, and maximizing compliance levels. Assigned and Prioritized Patient Care Services, Procedures, and Appointments to meet aggressive simultaneous objectives while also ensuring patients have time for rest and family visitation. Provided Administrative/Office/Accounting Support. Organized files and records, prepared invoices, agendas, and expense reports, created presentations, authored correspondence letters/memoranda, and ordered supplies. Managed, Allocated, and Forecasted Inventory Levels, monitored equipment/supplies, and scheduled maintenance/repairs to ensure uninterrupted operations and the completion of complex projects/programs within aggressive deadlines. Empowered Junior Staff Members to Meet both Individual and Team Goals by providing both training and positive and consultative leadership. Answered questions, resolved staff/operational issues, and shared best practices.