Skills: John Deere Ag and Lawn equipment; Massey Ferguson Ag equipment; Kubota Ag and lawn equipment; Kioti Ag equipment; Cub Cadet riding and zero turn mowers; Vermeer Hay equipment; Tillage equipment; Sitrex; Bush Hog; Servis Rhino; Vicon; Land Pride implements; Bad Boy Zero Turns; MTD Products; Hustler Zero Turns; Stihl; Echo products; Parts / Service and warranty for OEM or aftermarket applications; Tisco; A&I Products; Becknell Wholesale; Customer relationship management; Cash handling; Inventory control; POS system operation; Upselling; Outbound calling; Negotiation; Product knowledge; Team player
Experience: Sales Associate at Company Name; Equipment Rental Manager at Company Name; Parts/Customer Service Sales Representative at Company Name; Parts Salesman at Company Name
Education: High School Diploma at Conroe High School
Summary: Looking for a company to grow with and continue customer relations in the industry I have came to know well and love. Customer-focused Retail Associate with solid understanding of retail dynamics, marketing and customer service. Offering 21 years of experience providing quality product recommendations and solutions to meet customer needs and exceed expectations. Demonstrated record of exceeding revenue targets by leveraging communication skills and equipment sales. Results-oriented individual with over 4 years of experience implementing equipment sales to substantially increase store productivity and repeat clientele. Expertise in arranging new merchandise, managing cash registers and independently opening and closing store. Organized, efficient and accustomed to handling crowds of over 50 people during special sales events. Strong background in Parts Service and warranty. Passionate about retail sales, customer relationship management and merchandising. Results-oriented Customer Service with exceptional record of accomplishment in exceeding sales, service and performance targets. In-depth understanding of Ag / Lawn and implement products, services and market conditions. High-energy team player ready to leverage abilities to improve sales numbers and company success.