Skills: Microsoft Office; Excel; QuickBooks; Schedule management; Time management; Lesson planning; Material development; Team building; Leadership; Education strategies; Technology integration; Creative lesson planning; Parent communication; Counseling; Articulate; Well-spoken; Self-directed; Self-starter; Attention to detail; Results-oriented; Dedicated team player; Strong interpersonal skills
Experience: Teacher at Company Name; Business Partner at Company Name; Media Assistant at Company Name; Teacher at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Arts in Education/Pyschology at University of Maine at Fort Kent
Summary: Energetic with years experience in high-level executive support roles. Organized and professional. Dedicated and focused employee and manager who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Adept at managing multiple projects with ease using expert time management methods. Highlights Microsoft Office proficiency Excel spreadsheets Meticulous attention to detail QuickBooks expert Schedule management Self-directed Accomplishments Lesson Planning: Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge Resourceful Self-starter Articulate and well-spoken Flexible Introduced new learning methods to ensure total comprehension for all students. Material Development Created lesson plans targeting differentiated learners to create an engaging educational experience. Team Building and Leadership Created collaborative classroom experience through student-centered activities. Plan Development Â Planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate. Education Strategies Â Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of sensory/perceptual-motor skills, language, cognition, and memory. Goal Setting Â Established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and overall class expectations. Technology Integration Â Increased student participation and test scores by introducing relevant computer programs and exercises to encourage student interest and enjoyment. Creative Lesson Planning Â Motivated students to engage with course materials for History of WWII course by organizing a war veteran to come to class to speak about his personal experience. Parent Communication Â Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas. Counseling Â Served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic problems and personal adjustments arose, meeting with guardians to reach solutions.