Skills: ServSafe; TAM Card; Food Handler's Card; Knife skills A+; Operations Management; Leadership; Communication; Customer Relations; P&L management; Business Development; Complex problem solving
Experience: Sous Chef at Company Name; Sous Chef, Bartender at Company Name; Kitchen, Bartender at Company Name; Sous Chef at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Science: Business Administration at Appalachian State University; High School Diploma at Hibriten High School
Certifications: ServSafe Certified; TAM Card; Food Handler's Card; Knife skills A+
Summary: Current General Manager of Jersey Mike's in Boca Park. I strive to make every business I'm employed by succeed beyond expectations. Since becoming GM, over the past 15 months, I have increased sales by over 30%. Bartender with more than 4 years experience in a nightclub bar setting. Driven to provide guests with exceptional service and genuine hospitality. I'm also a talented Sous chef 7 of the 11 years of cooking. Started at the beginning of college, at the bottom as a dishwasher. Quickly moved up ranks until I was managing my own lunches, my own staff members under me, and enjoyed since. Successful at consistently delivering the highest quality food and service. I go the extra mile for any employer I work for. Highlights - ServSafe certified - TAM Card - Food Handler's Card - Knife skills A+ - Operations Management Accomplishments -Business development - P & L management -Complex problem solver - Staff development / training Business Development: Successfully grew current business by increasing sales of Jersey Mike's over 30% since becoming the General Manager 14 months ago. 3rd place - 2013 NC Fire on the Rock - Team Canyons Cross-state competition of chefs/sous' from different restaurants on a cook off containing secret North Carolina local ingredients. We had 8 hours to complete a 4 course meal enough for 150 guests. This was a great personal experience. I have worked full-time since I was 14.5 years old. Throughout college, I worked 40 hours weekly in the kitchen not including the 20 hours average per week I would also bartend. I am an extremely hard worker and will get any job done. Working for world renown Executive Chefs really inspired me to become as focused and determined as I am.