Skills: Process Improvement; 6S/LEAN/KAIZEN Principles; Compliance/Regulations; Identify/Analyze/Resolve Problems; Supplier Quality; Staff training and development; Policy reinforcement; Knowledge Of Quality Systems; Audit Coordination; Quality Management; Process Control; Employee Supervision; Root Cause Analysis; Presentations
Experience: Quality Assurance Manager at Company Name – City , State; Program Director at Company Name – City , State; Purchasing Coordinator at Company Name – City , State
Education: High School Diploma at Liberty Eylau High School; General Studies at Ivy Tech Community College Of Indiana
Certifications: Certified Six Sigma Green Belt (Aveta Business Institute) - 2020; ISO 9001:2015 Internal Auditor Training (Purdue University) - 2019; NADCAP Audit Criteria AC7108/1 Rev C (Purdue University) - 2019; OSHA 10 (OSHA Training Institute) - 2019; Quality Management, Tools & Techniques (Ivy Tech) - 2019; Blueprint Reading, GD&T (Ivy Tech) - 2019; VSM w/ Implementation and VSM with eVSM - 2016; Advanced Microsoft Excel Techniques Training - 2015; Best Practices for Managing Inventories and Cycle Counts Training - 2015; Lean Operational Excellence Training - 2013; Blueprint Reading Fundamentals Training - 2013
Summary: Outgoing Quality Assurance Manager with 8 years of managerial experience in Aerospace. Committed to high standards of product inspections and customer service with extensive knowledge of EVO & Microsoft office use. Adept at collaborative with various departments for comprehensive quality control. Methodical with superb problem-solving and analytical abilities. Keeps meticulous records and identify and troubleshoot problems. Specialties include operational improvements, program implementation, and documentation. Well-rounded with a leading- edge approach to identifying innovative ways to provide quality, scheduling, materials management, purchasing, inventory control, and logistics support to the manufacturing industry. Accomplishments: Implemented NADCAP AC7108/1 throughout the facility. Initiated and implemented CMMC Compliance. Created and administered FOD Program compliant to NAS412.