Skills: BAL; budgets; budget; C; COBAL; Computer Programming; negotiating contracts; delivery; estimating; FDR; hiring; JCL; Mainframe; marketing; office; Microsoft Project; Network; new construction; developer; personnel; personnel training; press; programming; progress; Real Estate; relationship building; retail; safety; sales; scheduling; Trend; unique; Windows 2000 / Server
Experience: Construction Manager at Company Name; Construction Manager at Company Name; General Contractor at Company Name
Education: MCSE for Windows 2000 / Server at Institute of Computer Science; Diploma, Computer Programming Specialist at Institute of Computer Science; Certificate of Completion - Advanced Network Technologies at ITT Technical Institute - School of Drafting and Design; Real Estate License - Class C Contractor at Randal School of Real Estate
Certifications: OSHA Certified 10 Hours; ICC Residential Class C Certification (IRC 2009); Lead Abatement Certified
Summary: Technical support professional with extensive IT background. Enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues. Accomplishments Effective administrator of both human and material resources. Able to take a project from the blueprint and contract stage, through complex troubleshooting, to finalization. Capable of delegating and prioritizing workload, scheduling manpower, equipment, and materials, monitoring productivity, quality, and safety, and coordinating a project to achieve on-target, timely, and seamless completion. Estimating: Strong analytical skills. Able to research cost and time factors in order to formulate competitive project bids while protecting the bottom line. Sensitive to budget constraints. Keen ability to properly allocate expenditures and profitably manage expenses within preset parameters. Communication: Articulate as a negotiator, presenter, advocate, and company spokesman. Provide a viable liaison between various professions, disciplines, trades, crafts, and multiple levels of management and employees. Manpower Development: Proven ability as a motivator, trainer, and team builder. Successful at matching talent to need. Able to identify and develop desirable personnel skills.