Skills: Organizational and planning skills; Oral and written communication; Customer Service; Numerical and analytical ability; IT skills ( Shopper,Tally,Voyager ); Creativity and imagination; Business and commercial acumen; Ability to lead and motivate a team; Drive, motivation and initiative; Influencing and negotiation; Good Team player
Experience: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER at Company Name; Area Sales Exe at Company Name; BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER at Company Name; STORE MANAGER at Company Name; FOOR MANAGER at Company Name
Education: Bachelor's Degree in Science at K.G.R.L Degree College; MCA at K.G.R.L P.G College
Certifications: Product Training - Arvind Brands Ltd; Communications Skills & Customer Service Workshop - Madura garments Aditya Birla Group; Inspire One training on Building Sales Excellence & Communication Profiling - ITC LRBD Head Office
Summary: Summary An experienced manager who is highly motivated and has vast knowledge of the retail industry. As a perfect role model for the team, able to coach, give feedback, build morale, roll out initiatives, and make recommendations on merchandising and product presentation. Able to handle high-profile and hands-on management roles that require commercial acumen and creative flair. As an exceptional person and also able to drive brand availability, & willing to take on board new ideas & adapt them further to make them my own. I am ambitious and passionate about everything and comes from a strong sales and service background that allows to thrive in any competitive and challenging retail environments. Right now ready and qualified for the next stage in an already hugely successful career and is looking forward to making a significant contribution to any future employer Highlights Organizational and planning skills Oral and written communication Customer Service Numerical and analytical ability IT skills ( Shopper,Tally,Voyager ) Creativity and imagination Business and commercial acumen Ability to lead and motivate a team Drive, motivation and initiative Influencing and negotiation Good Team player Accomplishments Work under pressure and deadlines Opened 4 EBO'S of U.S.POLO Assn. stores Within our franchise network PCH Life Style Ltd. Opened 5 EBO's and 50 MBO's for the brand John Players Achieved Best B.D.M Award for 0% shrinkage in my entire region. Increased the sales volumes by over 70% in a single financial year for all brands Established the market for MBO (Denizen) Channel in Coastal A.P. territory Achieved the Best Store Manager Award for Highest sales in a month (January 2010) for The Peter England store Achieved the targets of EBO's Opened the first ever Double Brand store (U.S.POLO Assn. & Flying Machine) in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh in 2011