Skills: automation; budget; interpersonal; computer literate; contracts; cost reduction; CPU's; clients; database software; Documentation; Electrical systems; Energy Manager; Facility management; HVAC; hydraulics; inspection; Inspector; laundry; leadership; team leader; legal; machinery; mechanical; meetings; MSA; Navy; NEC; optimization; PLC programming; PLC; Plumbing; processes; procurement; project management; quality; Quality Assurance; radiography; real estate; repairs; repairing; Safety; strategic; strategic plans; supervision; technical support; troubleshooting; upgrade; weld; welding; written communication skills
Experience: Facilities Engineering Manager at Company Name City , State; Field Engineering Supervisor at Company Name City , State; Chief Plant Engineer at Company Name City , State; Nuclear Inspector at Company Name City , State; Submariner at Company Name City , State
Certifications: Professional Certified Energy Manager; LEED Green Associate
Summary: FACILITIES ENGINEERING MANAGER Professional Summary Provide leadership to developing engineering standards and ensure projects executed meet safety, functional, reliability, budget and schedule goals for capital projects. Liaise with upper level management and engineering daily to resolve technical and/or operational issues. Continuous, efficient and reliable operation using selected KPI's. Lead the efforts in specifying and selecting materials and component parts and collaborate with our global organization to select and evaluate vendors, taking advantage of vendor expertise to incorporate into designs, improving quality and reducing costs. Manage to continue successful operations throughout the account. Develop a matrix to gather various utility expenditures and work to reduce annual costs. Support key operations and business initiatives for operations, design, and facilities planning. Provide deep technical expertise to the infrastructure group in the following areas: Building operations, Data Center, Capacity Planning, power management, HVAC operation and management, fire/water/smoke detection, power monitoring, preventative and corrective maintenance, asset management, and historic preservation. Develop site solutions in support of various key infrastructure and business needs. Work to help develop overall solutions for business projects spanning multiple disciplines and departments. Prepare documentation including: engineering designs, inventory asset management, physical view metrics, and performance reporting, to work directly with internal and external Site engineers, to create facilities and site designs for new projects and upgrades. Plan and coordinate the implementation for new projects. Negotiate Pricing directly with vendors and providers. Manage outsource hosting supplier relationship. Take responsibility for capital budgeting, spending, and procurement tracking of all build activities. Project ROI data, and lead cross-organizational teams as needed.