Skills: BASIC; COBOL; FORTRAN; PASCAL; Prolith (Modeling); Power Point; Word; Excel; Lotus Notes; JMP; DOE (design of experiment); PCS; SPC++; six sigma; data view; Crystal ball
Experience: Engineering Manager at Company Name – City , State; Application and Marketing Engineer at Company Name – City , State
Education: B.S. in Management Information System at Worcester State University; B.S. in Electrical Engineering Technology at Central New England College
Certifications: Dale Carnegie: Effective Speaking and Human Relation (1995)
Summary: Electrical Engineer with 20+ years of experience in semiconductors microlithography and strong project management background. Scope of work required extensive background in equipment engineering maintenance and process sustaining. Utilized experience in cross-function activities with other engineering, production and support organization for the completion of start-up semiconductor factory construction and equipment's. Outstanding communication skills in task-milestone reports provided senior level management with clear forecast of project completion. With additional experience in application marketing engineering, led team of business development managers and R&D engineer to grow DUV business for DOW chemical's globally from $ 300k to > $ 20 million in 3 years. Management skills Excellent leadership skills in cross-functional, team- based environment, multi cultural, with the ability to effectively communicate, influence and motivate at all levels of the organization. Strong understanding of financial measurements and goals that can be directly correlated to implementation of plans. Proven ability to analyze statistics and trend data with measured outcomes Dedicated Operations Manager demonstrating effective leadership in all aspects of the job. Excels at cutting costs and streamlining operations. Tech-savvy Project Manager versed in all aspects of project management from inception to completion. Excels in recruiting and talent acquisition, as well as process reengineering and improvement. Skilled Operation Manager with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration.