Skills: Air Force; ANSYS; approach; C; CAD; decision-making; designing; experimentation; Experiments; features; FORTRAN; instructor; lesson planning; machining; marketing; Materials; MATLAB; Mechanical Design; Microsoft Office; Modeling; NASTRAN; enterprise; OS; optimization; PATRAN; camera; physics; predict; Process Control; Research; robotic; Solidworks; Statistical Process Control; teaching
Experience: Thermal Engineering Intern at Company Name; Thermal Engineering Intern at Company Name; Researcher at AFRL-University Collaborative Center in Structure Sciences; Teacher's Assistant at Company Name
Education: Doctor of Philosophy in Mechanical Engineering at Arizona State University; Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering at Arizona State University
Summary: Graduating Ph.D. candidate with a research focus on developing large-scale computational models using statistics and machine learning approach. Interested in a career as a computational scientist or quantitative software developer. Accomplishments FEM Analysis of 1-D Aluminum Bar with Sinusoidal Body Force Conducted meshing and force analysis on MATLAB. Correlated the results with ABAQUS. FEM Heat Transfer Analysis of 2-D Plate with Hole with Thermal Load and Boundary Conditions Conducted meshing and force analysis on MATLAB. Correlated the results with ABAQUS Finite Element Analysis of 2D beam with Central Hole Conducted meshing and force analysis on MATLAB. Correlated the results with ABAQUS On the Anthropomorphic Control of Redundant Robot Arms Focused on the design and control of robotic devices that will help and collaborate with humans in every-day life. Defined anthropomorphism in robot motion and controlling a robot in an anthropomorphic way. Design and Development of a Two-Wheeled Autonomous Parallel Parking Robot Designed a two-wheeled robot that is coded to run autonomously with the ability to parallel park using Solidworks. The IR sensor and MCU were used to simulate the \"eyes\" and the \"brain\" of the driver. Tested in a simple built course to simulate a scenario in which there is an open space for the robot to park inside. Reusable Delta II Launch Vehicle Conducted design feasibility and alternatives analysis of a completely reusable Delta-II rocket. Analyzed a variety of different re-entry technologies and engines to accomplish this task. The business sense of the final designs was analyzed along with the near-term feasibility. Senior Design Project: High Speed Human Powered Vehicle Designed a high performance human powered vehicle using Solidworks. Provided the framework technology to help increase the effectiveness of the common bicycle to the point of being more competitive with other forms of ground transportation. Metalworking Practice Learned the operation of various types of manufacturing machines, including computer numerical control CNC) lathe, milling machine, drilling machine, grinding machine. Programmed the CNC machine using G code to machine and fabricate some mechanical parts. Experienced welding, casting, forging, heat treatment, and automotive engine disassembly Electrical Engineering Practice Learned soldering electronic components on circuit boards. Made a radio and a speaker