Skills: automation; C; contract administration; estimating; forecasting; framing; GIS; HVAC; inspection; materials; Excel; Outlook; PowerPoint; Microsoft Project; Word; SAP; SCADA; SRM; BPC; Safety; proposals; renovation; RFI; scheduling; transmission; water treatment; First Aid
Experience: Senior Construction Project Manager at Company Name; Project Manager at Steton Construction; Project Manager at Texaco/Smith Construction; Assistant Project Manager at Kasler Construction; Assistant Superintendent at Consolidated Concrete Structures
Education: M.S. in Petro/Civil Engineering at University of Southern California; B.S. in Petro/Civil Engineering at University of Southern California
Certifications: Hazwoper (40 hours); SWPPP training; Westec Passport Safety Training; Best Plus Safety Training; Trench and Excavation; First Aid; ROTC Training; C.O. Core Training; POST (Peace Officers Standards and Training); Class A Driver's License
Summary: Senior Construction Manager EPCM Safety/Mitigation, JSA, rules, regulations, work procedures and emergency response. Design, Standards, Land Development, Infrastructure, Wet and Dry (PGE/SCE) utilities, Road Paving/Engineering, Caltrans/Public Works, Permits and Traffic Control. Twenty+ years experience on a team oriented, multi-disciplinary environment in the commercial, industrial and residential field. Professional experience ensuring time, cost effectiveness and liability minimization of personnel, equipment and material by estimating, reviewing plans, submittals/RFI, approving bid packages, proposals, RWO, WO and CO. Coordinate and schedule all phases of construction, safety, erosion control, land development, infrastructure, shut downs, tie ins, paving/road and environmental solutions. Forward planning, grading, CPUC: G.O. 95, 128 and rule 20, street utility improvements, bond release and final Fire Dept. inspections to start the reimbursement and building occupancy process for a number of developments. Track record of estimating, proposing and bringing complex construction and land development projects with up to $225M and 200+ employees, fleet of heavy equipment and material from conception to completion within budget and on time.