Skills: Excellent communication skills; Investigative skills; Customer Service; Data Entry; Documentation; Inventory management; Leadership; PowerPoint; Microsoft Word; Excel; MS Office proficiency; Organizational skills; Attention to detail; Research skills; Proofreading; Report writing; Writing; Self-starter; Time management; Interpersonal skills; Critical thinking; Problem solving
Experience: Volunteer Advocate at Guardian Ad'Litem Program; Sales Clerk at Franklin Baking Co.; Loan Review Support Specialist at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Arts in Psychology/Social Science with Minor in HealthCare Administration at Ashford University; Master's Program in Counseling (Concentration in Human Services) at Liberty University
Summary: VOLUNTEER ADVOCATE Summary Talented Bachelor of Arts Graduate seeking to obtain an entry level Professional position within your company. Excellent Customer service and management skills are just some of the skills I have accomplished in the course of my experiences. Dedicated Bachelor of Arts graduate with a double major in Psychology and Sociology also with a Minor in HealthCare Administration, and a passion to serve the community in a more excellence way. Comprehensive professional background in education, administrative support and team leadership. Strengths: Proficient at written, strong social perceptiveness through working with a variety of people. Exceptional clerical and administrative assistance skills. Research: Authored many research papers which required extensive research into statistics behavior within the social sciences. Thirty years of Clerical Administrative office work along with exceptional people and communication skills. Energetic Administrative Assistance Support with 10 years experience in high-level executive support roles. Organized and professional. Dedicated and focused individual who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. Highlights Conducted numerous researches on Psychological and Social behavior and demonstrated the understanding of Psychological behavior in adults and adolescents, with an understanding of ethics and Social Responsibility, and demonstrated the understanding of the relationship between HealthCare Ethics and Medical Law. Also proficient at written, strong social perceptiveness through working with a variety of group projects, excellent oral and communication skills and exceptional organizational and leadership skills. Qualified Data Entry, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel spreadsheets Meticulous attention to detail Results-oriented Self-directed Time management Professional and mature Strong problem solver Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge Resourceful Dedicated team player Strong interpersonal skills Understands grammar Proofreading Report writing Report development Self-starter skills.Microsoft Office proficiency Accomplishments Microsoft Office proficiency Meticulous attention to detail Results-oriented Self-directed Time management Professional and mature Strong problem solver Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge Resourceful Dedicated team player Strong interpersonal skills Understands grammar Proofreading Report writing Report development Self-starter Physiological Psychology, Abnormal Psychology, Sociology, Social Psychology, Contemporary Social Problems and the Workplace, Social Research Methods, Statistics for the Behavioral and Social Sciences, Psychology, Cross-Cultural Perspectives, Industrial Organizational Psychology, Public administration, Court administration and court report, Leadership and ethical decision making, Child and Adolescent Development, Managing in Health and Human Services,Cummunity and Public Health, HealthCare Planning and Evaluation, HealthCare ethics and Medical Law, Special Populations, Theories of Personality. Professional Counseling, Competence in Counseling, Multi-Cultural Counseling, Ethics and ethic Codes in Counseling: Managing multidisciplinary Professionals.