Skills: PC; IMAC; Windows XP; Vista; Microsoft Office Suite; Adobe; Amicus Attorney; Internet resourcing; Facebook; Twitter; Instagram; PowerPoint; POS; QuickBooks
Experience: Co-Owner/Manager/Chef at Company Name; Executive Assistant/Office Manager at Company Name; Owner/ Interior Designer at Mexican Import & Antiques Gallery; Owner/Manager/Head Chef at Company Name; Human Resources Recruiter & Training Coordinator at Inc. 500 marketing research firm; Investigative News Reporter/Producer/Classical Music Announcer at 88.7 FM
Education: Bachelor of Science in Communications (Broadcast Journalism, Telecommunications Emphasis) at Northern Arizona University
Summary: Professional Summary Thank you in advance for allowing me to respond to this amazing opportunity. Creative, motivated and relationship-oriented individual who enjoys empowering others to reach personal and business goals. Works well in an environment that emphasizes creativity, autonomy, and decision- making. Possesses the ability to organize, plan and execute ideas from conception to completion. Utilizes a unique blend of strengths from artistic to communicative to fulfill any position, powerfully. Organizations Communities for All Ages - a non-profit, Weed & Seed initiative that provides intergenerational strategies for community building. Resulting in expanded social networks, increased civic engagement and leadership among multiple generations. This organization allowed for me to learn the art of alliance building. We chose those alliances that possessed strong leadership practices. I am a part of a mentorship program through this organization. Proactive media and communications professional with [Number] years in internal and external communications, social media, blogging and editorial media relations. Strategic Marketing and Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. Possesses a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing, editing and research skills. Strategic Marketing and Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. Possesses a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing, editing and research skills. [Job Title] with strengths in special events and promotion planning. Frequently attends marketing seminars and conducts outside research to stay current with market trends and consumer needs.