Skills: Human Resources; Training; Employee Relations; Recruitment; Organizational Development; Payroll; Purchasing; Equal Employment Opportunity; Recruiting; Staffing; Project Management; Labor Law; Strategic Planning; Benefits; Budget; Employee Engagement; Employment Law; Microsoft Office; PowerPoint; Word; Human Resource Management
Experience: Human Resources Manager at Company Name; Senior Human Resources Representative at Company Name; Area Manager - Partner at Company Name; Management Selection Consultant - Organizational Development at Company Name; Generalist / Recruiter at Company Name; Regional Recruitment Manager at Company Name; Client Service Manager - Branch Manager at Company Name; Store Manager at Company Name
Education: Masters in Human Resource Management (MHRM) at Keller Graduate School of Management; Bachelor of Science in Business Administration at Alcorn State University
Certifications: Human Resources Certification Institute (HRCI); Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)
Summary: To continue my professional Human Resource career in a position of leadership focused on creative people strategies and that improve employee engagement, drive business initiatives and focuses on overall operating performance and achieving strategic results. BUSINESS ACUMEN / FISCAL MANAGEMENT Knowledgeable of federal & state labor & employment law. Efficient effective project management skills. Ability to deliver results with a sense of urgency. Ability to analyze and interpret Profit & Loss statements. Effective manager of expense and budget goals. Microsoft Office including: Word, Excel and PowerPoint Accomplishments Effective leader and change agent. Member of Sr. Leadership team. Responsible for providing advice and council to Sr. Leadership and management regarding policy, law and any decisions that affect the workforce. Responsible for directing and motivating team of HR professionals to influence operations to exceed business expectations and goals. Accountable for driving performance initiatives and goals, developing and driving employee engagement programs. Proficient adviser to associates and management on HR policies and practices; state and federal labor laws. Advise management regarding associate relations concerns; conduct disciplinary and grievance hearings, ensure enforcement of EEOC, OFCCP and DPL guidelines. Active in maintaining an employer of choice work environment that renders third party representation obsolete.