Skills: Issue escalation; Reporting and analysis; Quality control; Schematic understanding; Critical thinking; Data management; Network Administration; Experience in leadership; Improvement plan knowledge; Supervision; Hardware repair; Computer configurations; System upgrades; New program installations; Organizational leadership; Troubleshooting and Maintenance; Equipment repair; Power and hand tool use; Troubleshooting and repairs; Preventative maintenance; Telecommunications systems; Component repairs; Multitasking; Part inspections; Friendly, positive attitude; LAN and WAN configurations; Server and System Administration; End-User Training; Program installations; Software testing; Server improvements; Data backups; Project management; Security technologies; Network configuration; Time management; Active Directory knowledge; Cybersecurity analysis; System Administration; Microsoft Office; MS Office; Apple iOS; Technician Help desk assistance; Application software testing; Mechanical abilities; Information Systems Security Professional; Advanced knowledge of Windows OS; Advanced knowledge of Google Chrome OS; Soldering; Database management; Technical knowledge of server system softwares; Servers, storage systems, network equipment, PCs or notebooks of any brands
Experience: Information Technology Specialist(Discountpcfix) at Company Name - City , State; Quality Control Inspector Contractor at Company Name - City , State; Network Analyst at Company Name - City , State; Quality Control Manager at Company Name - City , State
Education: Associate of Science, Science Technology at The Federal Polytechnic, Ado-Ekiti; FAA Aircraft Dispatcher License at Phoenix East Aviation; Certificate Cybersecurity Policy For Aviation And Internet at University Of Colorado At Boulder; Certificate at GOOGLE IT SUPPORT
Certifications: FAA Aircraft Dispatcher License; Cybersecurity Policy For Aviation And Internet; Google IT Support Certificate
Summary: I am obsessed with technology. It's power to change everything. Technology fuels my passion and commitment to helping organizations do what they set out to. When I engage, I bring fresh ideas that help your team galvanize performance. Refine your strategy. Spark new energy. The future—and how we get there—depends on those who build, connect, create and transform our world. Accomplished with over 10 years of information technology support experience. Highly articulate. Capable experienced installing and updating hardware and software systems for users. Known for effectively optimizing systems to meet changing demands, enhancing collaboration and improving security. Experienced Operations Analyst with first-rate skills in organizing, problem solving and project management. Ready to apply experience and abilities to take on new professional challenges. Passionate and driven professional with remarkable analytical and problem solving skills. Expert quality assurance tester offering five years of experience in detailed technical and system specifications. Provides a collaborative style and has well-developed communication skills. Seeking a role in test reporting and defect resolution. Well-rounded team player with dynamic written and verbal communication skills. Hardworking and resourceful team player. History of going above and beyond to achieve notable results. Offering excellent blend of technical aptitude and creative ability. Inspires design teams with engaging management techniques and innovative thinking. Resourceful Technical Support Engineer polished in restoring system functionality by quickly assessing and resolving diverse hardware and software problems.