Skills: Customer service; Staff development; Controlling costs; Talent review; Excellent communication skills; Strong work ethic; Employee relations; Technical aptitude; Motivated team player; Goal-oriented; POS systems knowledge; Skilled problem solver; Opening and closing procedures
Experience: Area Manager at Company Name – City , State; Corporate Senior Safety Manager at Company Name – City , State; Director Of Projects at Company Name – City , State; Construction Manager at Company Name – City , State; Operations Manager/Owner at Company Name – City , State; Construction Project Manager at Company Name – City , State
Education: Bachelor of Science in Information Technology at University of Phoenix; Associate of Science in Telecommunications at University of Phoenix
Certifications: OSHA 510; CPR Adult & Child First Responder Certification
Summary: AREA MANAGER Professional Summary Project Manager and Operations Manager with a proven record of success in overseeing all phases of multi-million-dollar construction and infrastructure projects for government and private-sector clients. Experience includes: managing crews for utility infrastructure construction and improvements, preparing proposals, managing day-to-day business operations, leading in project risk management, and maintaining OSHA safety compliance standards. Strong credentials and a proven history of on-time, on-budget, and high-quality project completion. Recognized for project management know-how with a focus on completing projects on-time and under budget. Recognized as troubleshooter and problem solver adept at conceptualizing/implementing solutions to accomplish project goals quickly and efficiently with attention to continuous productivity improvements. Demonstrated expertise in the following areas: Construction Projects. Infrastructure Improvement Projects. Employee Supervision. Site Safety/OSHA Compliance. QA/QC/Field Engineering. Change Order Management. Budgeting and Cost Controls. Bidding/Estimating/Proposals. Subcontractor/Crew Supervision Proficient in analyzing internal project controls and making recommendations for process improvements. Adept at managing the array of administrative and financial responsibilities that large-scale projects require. Accountable for daily reports that covers project status, responsibilities, and estimated time of project tasks. Led major infrastructure improvements on the nation's communications infrastructure for a variety of clients, including major system operators for telephone and cable TV to ensure timely completion of projects. Managed several multi-million optical network improvement projects for compliance with safety regulations and system mandates. Recognized as a valuable Project Manager who aims to complete each and every assignment in an innovative, efficient, and cost-effective manner - striving for excellence in all aspects of project work and assignments.