Skills: Relationship Building; Networking; Sales/Market Analysis; Strategic Planning; Closing Sales; Budget Development; Business Development; Account Management; Analytical Problem Solver; Profit Optimization; Cost Efficiency; Training and Development
Experience: Business Development at SunnySide Supply; Director of New Products at Company Name; Director of Sales and Marketing/Business Development Manager at Company Name; Business Development Associate at Company Name
Education: Bachelor of Science in Marketing and Legal Studies in Business at Duquesne University
Summary: Results-driven and highly skilled (business development) account manager and marketing professional with over 10 years of experience developing and executing customized account plans to increase sales volume, market share, and relevance in the marketplace. Provide strategic value to customers including leveraging trends in customer industries/marketplaces to shape solutions and approaches driving overall business development. Open and clear communicator with demonstrated strategic vision and disciplined execution. Highlights Relationship Building Networking Sales/Market Analysis Strategic Planning Adept at Closing Sales Budget Development Business Development Account Management Analytical Problem Solver Profit Optimization Cost Efficiency Training and Development Accomplishments Grown sales revenue 85% in a depressed oil and gas market, consistently exceeding sales goals. (SunnySide Supply) Personally responsible for 100% of Erect-A-Step sales and 40% of overall company sales. (SunnySide Supply) Handle the highest volume/revenue accounts in assigned territory. (SunnySide Supply) Have obtained promotions and management opportunities faster than expected by employer. (SunnySide Supply and Davison) Won award for "Rookie Sales Director of the Year." (Davison) Consistently exceed sales quotas and always in the top 10% of the sales team. (Davison) Successfully expanded account base from 2 to more than 50 accounts. (Amore Limousines/Morgan Coach) Led sales team to grow revenue from $50,000 to $1.3 million in 6 years. (Amore Limousines/Morgan Coach)