Skills: Customer Service; Administrative Skills; Highly Motivated; Reliability and punctuality; Cash Handling; Team Player; SharePoint Databases and training; Scheduling and Calendar Management; Multi-tasking; Web designing and Software Education
Experience: Aviation Safety Assistant at Company Name
Education: Graduate at Computer Learning Center – Business School; Honors Graduate at Computer Learning Center – Business Course
Certifications: Records Management 101; Annual Ethics Training; Employee and Labor Relations: Behavioral and Disciplinary Issues and Resolution; Introduction to Safety; 2014 Security and Privacy Awareness Training; Workplace Security Awareness; Being an Effective Team Member; Office Safety; Administrative Professionals: Putting Your Best Foot Forward; Administrative Professionals: Interacting with Others; Safety and Health in the Workplace
Summary: I have 17 years of customer service experience as an administrative assistant with the Federal Aviation Administration. Throughout my career I have earned several awards and recognitions for my commitment to people, including a team player award and Administrative Employee of the Year on several occasions. I have also organized charity lunches serving 40-60 people weekly from Oct 1 to Dec 15 since 2003, in addition to my other responsibilities. Although I have not worked in a restaurant since I was a teenager, I believe my desire to work and my exemplary customer service skills would serve me and the company well. Highlights include reliable and punctual performance, cash handling, reliable team worker, neat, clean and professional appearance, comfortable standing for long periods, delivering exceptional customer service, engaging personality, and excellent multi-tasking. Accomplishments include recognition by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions. 2014 Administrative Employee of the Year Award; 2013 Administrative Employee of the Year Award; 2009 Commitment to Quality, Service, Productivity; 2007 Commitment to People Group Award; 2006 Commitment to People Group Award; 2006 Administrative Employee of the Year Award; 2003 Administrative Employee of the Year Award; 2001 Greater Boston Federal Executive Support Personnel Award; 2000 Greater Boston Federal Executive Support Personnel Award. Experience: Aviation Safety Assistant, January 1998 to October 2015, Company Name - City, State. In my position as the Aviation Safety Assistant for operations I perform administrative tasks such as preparing travel arrangements and assisting with investigations by gathering information and drafting correspondence and reports for enforcements, accidents, incidents and complaint investigations. I maintain and coordinate the calendars and schedules for my unit, and maintaining confidential files, the Facility Emergency Security Plan and the telephone availability list to ensure daily office coverage. I enter payroll data, assist with the labor distribution reports, and ensure accuracy on all operations' correspondence before they leave the office. Additionally I provide daily customer service and have been awarded customer service awards and recognitions along with three Administrative Employee of the Year awards. Utilizing my programming, web designing and software education, I have created and maintained several useful SharePoint Databases and forms. I maintain the reliability of SharePoint by performing weekly backups, manage users and continuously add new features and information as needed while providing training to all employees on the workings of SharePoint. I have received time off awards and other recognitions on three separation occasions for my accomplishments in significantly reducing the workload associated with former tedious reporting processes. I have also trained and assisted five other office employees on the building of their SharePoint databases and on setting up user permissions.