Skills: Superb communication (verbal and written); Reliability and self sufficiency; Strong work ethic; Organizational and problem solving skills; Team player and multitasker; Career minded, result driven, and goal oriented; Adaptable, positive, eager to contribute in any capacity; Microsoft Office
Experience: Assistant Teacher at Company Name; Assistant Manager Intern at Company Name; Junior Editor at Company Name
Education: MBA in Marketing at IGlobal University; BBA in Business Administration at Golden Gate University; Associate of Arts at Suffolk University
Summary: Compassionate teaching professional delivering exemplary support and assistance to teachers and students. Display exceptional Communication and problem solving skills. Experience in office administration and public speaking. Attentive and adaptable, skilled in management of classroom operations. Effective in leveraging student feedback to create dynamic lesson plans that address individual strengths and weaknesses. Dedicated and responsive team leader with proven skills in classroom management, behavior modification and individualized support. Personable with experience using relationship-building to cultivate positive client, staff and management connections. Highly-developed communicator with outstanding skills in complex problem-solving and conflict resolution. High-performing Administrative Assistant offering experience working with diverse client base and delivering exceptional results. Polished in managing client relations, and managing vendor relationships. Results-driven assistant with track record of excelling in fast-paced office environments. Career-minded with talents in preparing reports, taking messages and sorting and routing mail. Comfortable working in fast-paced, demanding office environment. Energetic and reputable individual possessing strong work ethic, professional demeanor and superb initiative. Exceptional customer service and decision-making skills. Service-oriented individual with expertise in preparing and modifying documents, coordinating meetings and trips and preparing responses on behalf of company. Committed to establishing stellar rapport with clients of diverse backgrounds. Meticulous and systematic Administrative Assistant skilled in organizing, planning and managing daily clerical needs. Bringing solid expertise in coordinating documents, reports and records, handling correspondence and managing deliveries. Skilled in oral and written communication, team leadership and relationship-building. Comfortable working alone or with teams to accomplish on-time and accurate clerical tasks. Punctual Administrative Assistant known for having terrific work ethic and dynamic communication skills. Adept at preparing correspondence, memoranda and reports in both draft and final form.